what's up please and gentle people let's
get this party started okay it's jaded
hmm and feel rusty it's been a long time
it's been a whole week those that don't
know last Saturday I didn't make a video
because there wasn't much news so I was
like f it and decided to finish up the
100 screenshot video so if you haven't
seen that I'll put it in the description
but it's not why you're here you're here
for the latest exclusive news clearly um
most people already know but this was
found on the battle net web site and a
lot of people are speculating this means
beta soon you know when it first came
out most of you probably seen this
already but when it first came out I was
I was getting excited getting all Wiggly
and uh I don't know now I look at it and
I'm just like aah I'm just like you know
when you're a kid you got the amusement
park and you're looking at the roller
coaster and you like mom mom come on let
me go on the roller coaster and then
she's like honey when you're older you
too little just wait a little longer
would you like ma'am I don't know why I
sound like a get a cart mental a sudden
but yeah man I'm like super exhausted
I'm waiting for this but don't fret
because coming up august first only
three days away as I record this we're
going to get a ton of news so that's
exciting and you should expect a lot of
information you know I didn't get to go
to the event of course but I'm gonna be
giving my thoughts on any new
comes out and you know keep you guys up
to date keeping myself up to date and
get ready for a real beta announcement
which hopefully it comes to guys
hopefully all right also Comic Con
happened recently and even though a
blizzard didn't show off any gameplay
any new interesting news with Diablo
they did have a panel there for the for
all the swag that they're going to be
selling if you haven't seen it i'll put
up pictures um there's a few shirts
there's a some socks which I don't hmm
interesting um and they talked a lot
about the novels and like all the
story-driven stuff so if you're
interested in that at all not my cup of
tea but I'm sure someone out there you
know was really interested in all the
blizzard universes and they had a really
good panel for that so i'll put a link
for that in the description you can go
check it out and at the end they had
another red shirt guy not as epic but
still pretty funny so if you want to
check that out it's at the end so while
we wait for some real juicy information
I came up with some topics of interest
to discuss one of them being my ideas or
potential problem that could come up
with the magic pine system and the way
it works is you guys know about how that
the loot is all personal so no one else
needs you to loot and the way magic fine
works with this is no matter who gets
last hit on the mob or on the boss
whatever the items that drop is based
off of your own magic prime so say you
have complete mac's magic flying gear
you're going to get the best items and
so this is where a kind of thought of a
potential problem I'm sure Blizzard has
already thought about this thoroughly
you're gonna have like that one
douchebag friend who just stacks magic
fine gear and is like completely
worthless you know I diablo 2 it'd be
like 4p topaz armor and like p topaz
everything and they're just missing out
on tons of stats and tons of plus skills
I don't think magic flying gear is going
to be the same as it was in d2 I think
they're going to lie
mellow it back a bit and just have magic
line be like uh like a secondary sort of
stat that if it's on gear it's good but
it's not gonna be like specific magic
flying gear I could be completely wrong
but that would be you know my idea of
how they fix this in like tone down the
magic find but so it's not going to
matter if your plan with friends anyways
as long as you're able to clear the
content the guy who potentially could be
stacking magic wand you know would be
getting items for you and your in your
friends anyways I can only see this
being a problem in like public games or
something if you know the items were a
bit extreme like they were in d2 so
something to see how that pans out when
the game goes live and the second topic
I thought was interesting was the
evolution of how sort of internet games
have come to be as of recent this sort
of started for me I noticed it the first
game I noticed it is was in umm Danah 42
and what I noticed was games before this
I mean this might not be the first game
that I ever did this but it was the
biggest game that I had played that had
bad done this where you plan a
multiplayer game and if one person
starts getting latency problems they
start timing out or whatever the whole
game pauses everybody you know stops
doing what they're doing and they have
to wait for that guy to get his
connection sorted it was a completely
garbage system in donna war to like it
works sometimes but like if you were
playing with like Russians or something
they would just no offense to Russians
but you know like playing from like
America and like with Russians like it's
not a good situation always especially
when the net codes like really really
poor the whole game would just lock up
constantly and it was really frustrating
in da noir to um you know with blizzard
and with starcraft two recently we also
notices and i'm just curious if they're
gonna have if you're going to implement
something like this with in diablo 3 i
thought it would be really annoying for
you know like the normal game
and arena but when it comes to the
hardcore mode I think it could really
add like a nice way to sort of stop the
technical problems that that you
encounter with hardcore where your
computer would shut down or your power
would go out or something out of your
control that would end up killing your
character it'd be nice to have something
like this in place so that the game
pauses when it stopped seeing a
connection with with you know your
computer obviously could potentially get
exploited you know this always happens
but just a just a thought I hope they
don't implement it oh and like the
normal game because it's really
frustrating on like one of your friends
is just uploading torrents and you know
completely lagging the game alright guys
that's your topics this time to discuss
let me know what you think about those
two things you know the magic fine and
the latency like lagfix dealio before I
go I wanted to show you guys something
cool i've been working on for on and off
for about a month I've been working on
some t-shirt designs that came into my
noggin and I wanted to get them out to
you guys if anyone's interested in
buying them i'll have them up on a store
i'll put it in the description so you
guys could check them out you know when
it comes to t-shirt designs always
appreciate like really simple clever
sort of designs and and not huge
graphical like intensity so that's kind
of the way I want with them if I come up
with any more I'll definitely put them
up there but that's gonna do it for me
guys thanks so much I will talk to you
guys again after august first so see you
then